mm-doc-github-rules.md (#53)
Azure/DASH: doc-github-rules.md

---

> title: Github basic process

Reviewer: I'm not in favor of these header blocks. It takes up space,  doesn't add anything useful - the title should be self-explanatory and the author/date is in the commit info, you're just creating maintenance chores. (Admittedly, if you're not online and reading a printed version, the commit info might not be apparent - but how likely is that?).

Author: This is metadata that in online documentation helps in the search. 
Just experimenting with it. 
But I do not know if it helps in our case.

Author: Removed metadata.

## Directly Editing Artifacts
Persons with write access permission or higher can directly edit documents and push changes. This practice should be used very sparingly, and only in the draft stages of documents or to make trivial changes in documents already in use.

> [!WARNING]

> > Making direct edits to "released" documents which could impact downstream consumers, without proper review phases, short-circuits the normal community process and can result in breaking changes and significant disruption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Direct edits (without proper review phases) to "released" documents short-circuits the normal community process and can result in breaking changes and significant disruption, resulting in potential impact to downstream consumers.
```

## Use checklists for large issues or PRs

> When working on a complex issue or PR, it is often preferable to use a checklist within one issue or PR. This avoids the use of multiple issues or PRs that could be difficult to track.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working on a complex Issue or PR, it is often preferable to use a checklist within one Issue or PR. This avoids the use of multiple Issues or PRs that could be difficult to track.  
```

Especially with an issue related to a feature, all of the pull requests used to implement the feature can refer to the same issue. The progress made can be easily understood by looking at which boxes are checked and which are not. The status is found in one place.

> Github even uses this checklist system to print out a small progress summary when looking at the lists of open issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The checklist system is also useful to track work, such as a progress summary, when reviewing lists of open Issues.
```

> You enter the checklist in the comment when you create the issue or the PR. To create a checklist, you use a markdown format similar to the one shown in the example below.

Reviewer: What do you do with the checklist as things progress?

Author: You check mark the listed work item when completed. I can add this info in the article.

Author: Added NOTE to clarify.

> You enter the checklist in the comment when you create the issue or the PR. To create a checklist, you use a markdown format similar to the one shown in the example below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A contributor would enter the checklist in the comment when creating the Issue or PR. To create a checklist, please use a markdown format similar to the one shown in the example below.
```
